feat(pagination): add sticky position to bottom (#3509)
patternfly/patternfly: src/patternfly/components/Pagination/examples/Pagination.md

{{/pagination}}
```

### Top sticky
```hbs isFullscreen

> {{#> pagination pagination--modifier="pf-m-sticky"}}

Reviewer: can you make this `sticky-bottom` to match the page section variations?

  {{> pagination-total-items-content}}
  {{> pagination-options-menu options-menu id="pagination-options-menu-top-example" options-menu--IsText="true"}}
  {{> pagination-nav-content}}
{{/pagination}}
```

> ### Bottom default

Reviewer: I would probably just call this "Bottom" like it was before, and it will match the "Top" example.

| `.pf-m-bottom` | `.pf-c-pagination` | Modifies for bottom pagination component styles. |
| `.pf-m-compact` | `.pf-c-pagination` | Modifies for compact pagination component styles. |
| `.pf-m-static` | `.pf-c-pagination.pf-m-bottom` | Modifies bottom pagination to not be positioned sticky on mobile. |

> | `.pf-m-sticky` | `.pf-c-pagination.pf-m-bottom` | Modifies bottom pagination to be positioned sticky at all viewports. |

Reviewer: how about something like this?

```suggestion
| `.pf-m-sticky` | `.pf-c-pagination` | Modifies the pagination to be sticky to its container. It will be sticky to the top of the container by default, and sticky to the bottom of the container when applied to `.pf-c-pagination.pf-m-bottom`. |
```
